[pkg/ottl] Add client metadata access to OTTL contexts (#41879)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/ottl/contexts/ottlcontext/README.md

# Context (OTTL)

The Context exposes request-related data from the Go `context.Context` passed through the Collector, such as client information and incoming gRPC metadata. Use these paths via the top-level `context` segment, optionally followed by sub-segments.

## Paths

The following paths are supported.

| path                               | field accessed                                                                                             | type                 |
|------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------|
| context.client.addr                | the remote address string from the client info                                                             | string               |
| context.client.metadata            | client metadata attached to the request via `go.opentelemetry.io/collector/client`                         | pcommon.Map          |

> | context.client.metadata[""]        | the value for a specific metadata key. Returns nil if key missing                                          | pcommon.Slice or nil |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| context.client.metadata[""]        | the value for a specific metadata key.                                           | pcommon.Slice, string or nil |
```

# Context (OTTL)

> The Context exposes request-related data from the Go `context.Context` passed through the Collector, such as client information and incoming gRPC metadata. Use these paths via the top-level `context` segment, optionally followed by sub-segments.

Reviewer: This is stale now after the renaming & discussions, could you please review it again?
